1/30/26, 4:06 PM Job Recommendations | Jobright AI
JOBS
Recommended Liked 0 Applied 0 External 0 Search by title or company
Orion
Jobs
Quick Guide
35applicants APPLY WITH AUTOFILL
Your AI Copilot
Resume
Overview Company Share Report Issue Original Job Post Welcome back, DANIEL HARDESTY LEWIS!
It's great to see you again. Let's resume your journey towards your dream job.
Profile
Agent The Trade Desk · 1 hour ago I see that you're asking about this Staff Data Scientist role at The Trade Desk. What would you like to
88% know?
Staff Data Scientist
STRONG MATCH
Tell me why this job is a good fit for me.
United States Full-time
100% 78% 63% Give me some resume tips if I want to apply.
Remote Senior Level, Lead/Staff
$244K/yr - $366K/yr 5+ years exp Exp. Level Skill Industry Exp.
Generate custom resume tailored to this job.
Show me Connections for potential referral.
Maximize your interview chances Generate Custom Resume
Write a cover letter for this job.
The Trade Desk is a technology company that specializes in data-driven advertising solutions. They are seeking a
Staff Data Scientist to design and develop systems for organizing and analyzing data, as well as to present statistical
findings to various audiences.
Advertising Digital Media Information Technology Internet Mobile Native Advertising Social Software
Video Advertising
Comp. & Benefits H1B Sponsor Likely
Insider Connection @The Trade Desk
Unlimited
Discover valuable connections within the company who might provide insights and potential referrals.
Get 3x more responses when you reach out via email instead of LinkedIn.
Beyond Your Network From Your Previous Company From Your School
R Y P T C View J S M View F F W V S View
Ryan Roundy & 4 connectio… Jasmine Wang & 2 connect… Fei Gao & 4 connections
Previously@The University … @Columbia University and...
Find Any Email
Paste any LinkedIn profile URL (e.g., https://www.linkedin.com/in/xxxxx/) to find work emails instantly.
Responsibilities
Design and develop systems to organize and streamline the use of data in the organization
Identify relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect research results
Analyze and interpret statistical data to identify significant differences in relationships among sources of information
Adapt statistical methods to solve specific problems in many fields, such as economics, biology, and engineering
Develop software applications or programming to use for statistical modeling and graphic analysis
Develop and test experimental designs, sampling techniques, and analytical methods
Prepare data for processing by organizing information, checking for inaccuracies, and adjusting and weighing raw
data
Process large amounts of data for statistical modeling and graphic analysis, using computers
Determine whether statistical methods are appropriate, based on user needs or research questions of interest
Report results of statistical analyses, including information in the form of graphs, charts, and tables
Design research projects that apply valid scientific techniques and use information obtained from baselines or
historical data to structure uncompromised and efficient analyses
Evaluate sources of information to determine any limitations, in terms of reliability or usability
Examine theories, such as those of probability and inference, to discover mathematical bases for new or improved
methods of obtaining and evaluating numerical data
Present statistical and nonstatistical results, using charts, bullets, and graphs, in meetings or conferences to
audiences such as clients, peers, and students
Qualification
Represents the skills you have
Find out how your skills align with this job's requirements. If anything seems off, you can easily click on the tags to
select or unselect skills to reflect your actual expertise.
Python High performance computing Machine learning pipelines SQL Databricks management
Cloud data management Scientific programming Data analysis Statistical modeling Data visualization
Required
Bachelor's degree (U.S. or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Statistics, Biochemistry or related field and ten
(10) years of experience in the job offered or related role OR Doctorate degree (U.S. or foreign equivalent) in
Computer Science, Statistics, Biochemistry or related field and five (5) years of experience in the job offered or
related role
Must have five (5) years of experience with: high performance computing, such as running data pipelines and/or
numerical optimization on on-prem or cloud-based distributed systems; Python; and scientific programming,
including code-based data analysis and optimization leveraging tools like Spark, pandas, numpy, and Mathematica
Must have three (3) years of experience with SQL and multiple databases
Must have three (3) years of databricks infrastructure management experience
Must have three (3) years of cloud data management experience, including cost accounting
Must have two (2) years of end-to-end experience building machine learning pipelines
Benefits
Comprehensive healthcare (medical, dental, and vision) with premiums paid in full for employees and dependents
Retirement benefits such as a 401k plan and company match
Short and long-term disability coverage
Basic life insurance
Well-being benefits
Reimbursement for certain tuition expenses
Parental leave
Sick time of 1 hour per 30 hours worked
Vacation time for full-time employees up to 120 hours thru the first year and 160 hours thereafter
Around 13 paid holidays per year
Employees can also purchase The Trade Desk stock at a discount through The Trade Desk’s Employee Stock
Purchase Plan
The Trade Desk also offers a competitive benefits package
Company
The Trade Desk Founded in 2009
Ventura, California, USA
Glassdoor 3.9
1001-5000 employees
The Trade Desk is an online demand-side platform that provides buying http://thetradedesk.com
tools for digital media buyers.
H1B Sponsorship
The Trade Desk has a track record of offering H1B sponsorships. Please note that this does not guarantee sponsorship
for this specific role. Below presents additional info for your reference. (Data Powered by US Department of Labor)
Distribution of Different Job Fields Receiving Sponsorship Trends of Total Sponsorships
2025(57)
2024(49)
2023(38)
2022(39)
2021(31)
Represents job field similar to this job
2020(15)
Funding
Current Stage Key Investors 2021-07-08
Public Company Wellington Management Post Ipo Equity
Bridge Bank
Total Funding Hermes Growth Partners 2016-09-21
IPO
$257.5M
2016-05-09
Debt Financing· $125M
Leadership Team
Jeff Green Mitch Waters
CEO Senior Vice President of Client
Service APAC
Recent News
The Motley Fool Sports Business Journal PR Newswire
The Trade Desk in five years Paramount to offer live ad sales Paramount Introduces
during sports broadcasts Programmatic Access to…
2026-01-23
2026-01-22 2026-01-22
Company data provided by crunchbase
Refer & Earn
Download App
Feedback
Ask me anything...
Settings
https://jobright.ai/jobs/info/697d0cb7727747250d57c32f 1/2
1/30/26, 4:06 PM Job Recommendations | Jobright AI
https://jobright.ai/jobs/info/697d0cb7727747250d57c32f 2/2