Ramp
Forward Deployed Operations
Location
New York, NY (HQ)

Employment Type
Full time

Location Type
Hybrid

Department
Engineering

Compensation
SF/NY
Target Base Salary $168K – $231K • Offers Equity
The final compensation will depend on the location and level at which the candidate is hired.

Overview
Application
About Ramp
At Ramp, we're rethinking how modern finance teams function in the age of AI. We believe AI isn't just the next big wave. It's the new foundation for how business gets done. We're investing in that future — and in the people bold enough to build it.

Ramp is a financial operations platform designed to save companies time and money. Our all-in-one solution combines payments, corporate cards, vendor management, procurement, travel booking, and automated bookkeeping with built-in intelligence to maximize the impact of every dollar and hour spent. More than 50,000 businesses, from family-owned farms to e-commerce giants to space startups, have saved $10B and 27.5M hours with Ramp. Founded in 2019, Ramp powers the fastest-growing corporate card and bill payment platform in America, and enables over $100 billion in purchases each year.

Ramp's investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, Thrive Capital, Sands Capital, General Catalyst, Founders Fund, Khosla Ventures, Sequoia Capital, Greylock, Redpoint, and ICONIQ, as well as over 100 angel investors who were founders or executives of leading companies. The Ramp team comprises talented leaders from leading financial services and fintech companies—Stripe, Affirm, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Capital One—as well as technology companies such as Meta, Uber, Netflix, Twitter, Dropbox, and Instacart.

Ramp has been named to Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list and LinkedIn's Top U.S. Startups for more than 3 years, as well as the Forbes Cloud 100, CNBC Disruptor 50, and TIME Magazine's 100 Most Influential Companies.

The forward deployed engineering (FDE) team is one of the fastest growing engineering teams in the company, and our mission is to scale Ramp upmarket and win in our biggest new verticals. We serve some of the largest companies in the world to automate their financial operations, with a focus on generalizing our work and achieving product-market-fit in enterprise.

FDE Ops is a new role to help accelerate our team's mandate by working closely with our largest customers and improving our team's operational efficiency.

For every new feature Ramp launches, we do extensive discovery with customers, teach them how to use the product, work with their technical teams to integrate, and make sure each launch is smooth. This role bridges the gap between engineering and stakeholders, with a focus of improving our processes, automation, and AI tooling.

What You'll Do
Triage. The FDE team must triage new enterprise requests on a daily basis and you'll help us make sure we're focused on the right things.

Scoping and Onboarding. We do extensive scoping with our customers to make sure we have a clear launch checklist.

Communication and Education. You'll help customers new to Ramp understand how to integrate with the product and keep up to date with project status.

Technology and Automation. Identify opportunities to automate and empower users to get things done.

Technology and Automation. Identify opportunities to automate and empower users to get things done.

Documentation and Repeatability. Build a library of documents, checklists, and processes so that we have a repeatable, efficient playbook to engage with large clients.

What You Need
Technical Skill. 4 years of experience in software engineering. Ramp uses Python, React, and SQL.

Client Experience. 1 year of experience in an external customer-facing role.

Excellent Communication. Superb written and verbal communication skills (presentations, documentation, speaking at the right audience level)

High Ownership Mentality. Track record of driving outcomes through your own initiative.

Nice-to-Haves
Experience with AI and automation

Deep technical expertise with full-stack development (full-time software engineering role)

Former FDE or founder

Benefits (for U.S.-based full-time employees)
100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you

Partially covered for your dependents

One Medical annual membership

401k (including employer match on contributions made while employed by Ramp)

Flexible PTO

Fertility HRA (up to $10,000 per year)

Parental Leave

Unlimited AI token usage

Pet insurance

Centralized home-office equipment ordering for all employees

Health and Wellness stipend

In-office perks: lunch, snacks, drinks, and more

Budget for intra-office travel

Relocation support to NYC or SF (as needed)
